welcome back folks you know music fest
founder John Dickson plays host to one
of the cooler festival experiences every
year in Steamboat Springs Colorado this
year's event was another massive success
let's go check it out
well this our 20th year of the music
fest it's a combination of sport and
song that you want to call it that but
it is it's a term amazing amount of
talent coming together in a beautiful
majestic setting in the Rockies up in
steamboat Colorado where everybody comes
together in the fans and the musicians
and the community all embrace this whole
this festival and a level that is
different than most festivals I've seen
and having it here in the beautiful as
you see in this background this is why
we're here Plus this community it was a
ranching community first before his a
ski resort and they embrace this
festival because they both share the
same genuine feel for the setting and
the the music and that's what makes this
so special to be here in Steamboat it's
magical it's it's the greatest thing I
get to be involved in every year there's
toss throughout the year when I've
experienced things that I think I know
that might be my favorite thing happened
this year and then I end up going back
to steamboating gonna this is why I love
going here as well Bennett or 11 years
straight
we're adding new music where we feel
like it's right we're not trying to
expand the size of the festival we're
just the people are here to hear music
and so when we have an opportunity to
showcase more music we take advantage of
that and like the dung beetle saloon you
know that started at three years ago
three four hours of live music now we
have 12 hours and it's still not enough
but it's one of the most popular rooms
and it's a listening room it's one where
everybody get to hear the maybe the
front guy for the band tell his story
about his song and there's a lot of
humor in those things too so there's a
lot of fun and people really enjoying
those different venues and of course we
have the big tent which is what we call
the dance hall wherever I can go kick up
their heels and hear the full plugged in
shows as the ballroom and the bear river
during the day the outdoor stays you
know you know that was we used to one or
two shows outdoors now we have four full
days of shows jackie has played out
there for ten years and I've seen them
playing six degree weather to a
beautiful day like today when it's it's
a deafening this is a perfect day for
outdoor show which we have two great
bands out there today
I mean we've got a steamboat for
probably I think my 14th or 15th year
like last year was the 12th or so year
we got there is the whole band it's our
favorite year they're a favorite week of
the year I go up there and spend a week
get to hang out with all their buddies
down you know it's where we met a lot of
the people in the scene and swear we got
to know a lot of them you know it's I'm
sure it's everybody's favorite week all
the musicians look forward to it John
and Robin really go above and beyond
with everything they make sure
everybody's having a good time
especially the artists you know they
take really good care of us the Dixon
production crew takes really good care
everybody get to go up there and party
hang out see a lot of great music just a
lot of jam sessions some people ski I'd
do a little bit of that and um yeah it
seems like it gets a little bit
different every year you know it's we
don't party quite as hard as we used to
but this party is as hard as we can I
love steamboat for everything at
everything it is everything it wants to
be everything that it's not I mean I
just I love everything about it and I'll
look being surrounded by groups and
musicians and people that truly love
music for the right reasons and it's not
money or autographs or any of that it's
just strictly music by the time we go
through the week and do all the stuff
that we do and leave that weekend it
just feels like we've gone to church and
it feels like we're born again and ready
to tackle the rest of year it's it's
definitely grown and changed over the
years but now the community that follows
this festival is probably one of the
most inspiring and wonderful things
about the festival it's such a wonderful
group of people i tribute that to the
musicians cuz that's their fans but it
also is through through each other this
is a reunion for many groups so it's it
has so many elements and so many things
there's make this festival so much fun
you